You dare to ask me to kill you
You are, you are the brother of that bitch Xu Xian
Xu Han Wan Dasheng still remembers me
I'm really flattered.
Hey, hey, you madman
What do you want to do? What do I want to do?
Ah haha, there are secret funds
Ah ah ah I want revenge
Ahhhhh
I'll tell you the secret driver
Tell me where to put the money
Deposited and deposited in Dihao Bank
Password is my birthday
No personal authentication is required
You only need a password to withdraw money
So good
That good one is like a dog, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes, I am Xu Shao’s dog
Wow wow hahaha
Just treat me like a fart and let it go
Hey, hey, thank you, thank you
If you die, you will die.
The whole house is broken
He should have been beaten to death with sticks.
Maybe even God can’t see through it.
I said brother
So what should we do now
I will leave the things here to the next step, always taking care of them.
Next, I want to spend time with Qiqi.
What did Qiqi say?
Just let him go. He doesn't know anymore. I'm relieved.
Dare to kill me
You are the brother of that bitch Xu Xian
Xu Hanwan Great Sage still remembers me
Really flattered
Hey, hey, you are crazy
What do you want? What do I want?
Ahaha, is there a secret fund?
Ah ah ah I want revenge
Ahhh
I will tell you the secret driver.
Say where I put the money
Deposited in Emgrand Bank
The password is my birthday
No personal authentication is required.
Just need the password to withdraw the money.
So nice
That is good like a dog, right, right?
Yes, yes, I am one of Xu Shao's dogs
Wow wow hahaha
You just let me go like a fart
Hey, hey, thank you, thank you.
Dead this is dead
This whole house is broken
He was probably beaten to death with a stick.
Maybe even God can't see it
I said big brother
So what do we do now?
I will leave the matter here to Mr. Cheng to clean up.
Next, I want to spend a good time with Kiki
No, what did Kiki say?
Let him go, he doesn't know anymore, I am relieved